PRO POWER CLEAN CONTACT INFORMATION
Pro Power Clean's office phone number is 208.378.8167
Pro Power Clean HQ's Address is: 501 North Five Mile Road, Boise, Idaho 83713
Pro Power Clean operates and offers it's services 24 hours a day seven days a week.
Pro Power Clean's administrative office hours are Monday through Friday from 9:00am to 5:00pm.
Pro Power Clean's website is www.ProPowerCleanINC.com

Employees of pro power clean are strictly prohibited from carrying any kind of weapon on their person, in company vehicles, in client facilities, or in pro power clean hq. Even in cases where the employee has a legitimate state issued concealed weapons permit, carrying weapons of any kind is still prohibited while representing pro power clean. This policy applies to all weapons of any kind including guns, knives, explosives, tasers, etc.

Corbin Heintz is the Administartive Manager for Pro Power Clean and oversees all aspects of Human Resources. If you have any issues related to pay, payroll, or human resources, please contact Corbin Heintz for more information.

Corbin Heintz contact information:
Corbin Heintz is your Administrative Manager and oversees Human Resources
Phone number: 208.809.0334
E-mail: Corbin@ProPowerCleanINC.com

A brief pro power clean history: In July 1995 Jerry Allensworth and Dave Gross founded Pro Power Clean, initially focusing on flooring maintenance. The duo, who shared a common interest in motorcycles and custom Volkswagens, began their operations from Jerry's garage. Within a year, in 1996 they expanded their services to include high heat pressure washing. By 1997 they further diversified into commercial janitorial cleaning. Pro Power Clean's growth led them to relocate to their first official commercial headquarters in Boise in 1998. In 2001 they moved to a larger facility near Hawks Baseball Stadium in Boise. At this point, the company had grown to 10 employees and 7 business trucks. In September 2005 John and Linda Allsbury purchased Pro Power Clean from Dave and Jerry. Tragically, Jerry Allensworth passed away from a heart attack in 2007. The following year, Andrew Allsbury, John and Linda's youngest son, joined the company as the Director of Sales & Marketing. In October 2009 the Allsbury family acquired and renovated the old Telco Electronics building at 501 North Five Mile Road in Boise, establishing it as Pro Power Clean's permanent headquarters. By 2010 the company had achieved over 500% growth in gross sales and expanded to more than 85 employees and 26 commercial vehicles. Andrew Allsbury was promoted to Vice President of Pro Power Clean in 2010.

Where do employees report to for night work? This is important especially for new employees:
You will want to report to Pro Power Clean HQ at the correct time for your shift. This time can be found on the weekly schedule and is usually between 7:00pm and 9:00pm. Pro Power Clean HQ is located at 501 North Five Mile Road, Boise, Idaho 83713. However, the best access to the crew area of the warehouse, which is where you want to go, is located at 506 Partridge Place, Boise, Idaho 83713. Near the Northwest corner of the building there is both an entrance door and a roll up garage door that should be unlocked and allow access to the crew staging area.

Pro Power Clean employees are not allowed to ever take or consume food items located inside a client facility, even if this food is being given out for free to the customers or employees of the client's business. This policy applies to lobby candy dishes, break room baskets, break room refrigerators, etc. The only exception to this rule is if the client leaves something out with a note specifically stating the food/gift is for the janitorial staff. In this case the lead needs to be sure to take a picture of the note and document the event in their nightly report. Any employee found to be in breach of this policy will be written up for theft and terminated.

Company vehicle (or rig, truck) idle policy: Company vehicles are not to be "idled" for long periods of time without reasonable cause and proper documentation. Each crew/route is allowed a maximum of up to ten (10) minutes per indiviudal instance, and up to one (1) hour total idle time for each shift. If you believe you are going to exceed either of these limits you need to document the reason in your notes for the night. Any idle time found to be in breach of company policy will be billed back to the lead/driver at a rate of $2.50/hr on their next pay check to help mitigate the cost of wasted fuel and the additional required vehicle maintenance and repair.

Pro Power Clean Management Team:
Linda Allsbury - President
John Allsbury - Vice President
Andrew Allsbury - Vice President
Mike Ackerman - Operations Manager
Corbin Heintz - Administrative Manager
Brandon Yates - Finance Manager
Molly Hancock - Office Manager
Shane Ruud - Shop Manager

Pro Power Clean Supervisors:
Senior Field Supervisor: Mike Grenfell
Janitorial Field Supervisor: Nicole Fourtner

Pro Power Clean's official mascot is John & Linda's massive golden labrador, his name is Bentley. He spends much of his time laying on the floor in the PPC HQ and greeting every person who comes in the door with a smile on his face.
Bentley is the official mascot of pro power clean.

Pro Power Clean requires full background checks on all employees as a normal part of the employee interview process.

Pro Power Clean does not hire undocumented employees. In order to work for pro power clean, you must be a legal resident of the United States, or have other legal documentation to work in the United States.

Andrew Allsbury is one of the two Vice Presidents of Pro Power Clean. He oversees strategy, sales, efficiency, technology, marketing.

name: Andrew Allsbury
title OR position: Vice President
phone number: 208.761.1377
e-mail: Andrew@ProPowerCleanINC.com
start date OR employed since: 2008
When is Andrew available: Andrew is available for questions or other communications Monday through Friday, 9am to 5pm. However in emergency situations he can be contacted 24 hours a day by sms text or e-mail.

name: John Allsbury
title OR position: Vice President
phone number: 208.602.6873
e-mail: John@ProPowerCleanINC.com
start date OR employed since: 2005
keywords: vice president, operations, sales
John is available for questions or other communications Monday through Friday, 9am to 5pm. However in emergency situations he can be contacted 24 hours a day by phone call, sms text or e-mail.

name: Kim Reidenbach
title OR position: Field Supervisor
phone number: 208.258.5020
e-mail: kreidenbach.ppc@gmail.com
start date OR employed since: 2020
keywords: janitorial supervisor, supervisor, field supervisor

name: Linda Allsbury
title OR position: President
phone number: 208.559.5840
e-mail: Linda@ProPowerCleanINC.com
start date OR employed since: 2005
keywords: ceo, owner, president, cfo, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, business owner

name: Mike Ackerman
title OR position: Operations Manager
phone number: 208.724.9336
e-mail: Mike@ProPowerCleanINC.com
start date OR employed since: 2000
keywords: vice president, operations, sales
Mike is available for questions or other communications Monday through Friday, 9am to 5pm. However in emergency situations he can be contacted 24 hours a day by phone, sms text or e-mail.

name: Mike Grenfell
title OR position: Senior Field Supervisor
phone number: 208.602.6875
e-mail: mgrenfell.ppc@gmail.com
start date OR employed since: 2003
keywords: floors, floor lead, floor manager, floor supervisor, supervisor, field supervisor, senior supervisor

name: Nicole Fourtner
title OR position: Field Supervisor
phone number: 208.891.8874
e-mail: nfourtner.ppc@gmail.com
start date OR employed since: 2009
keywords: janitorial supervisor, supervisor, field supervisor

name: Brandon Yates
title OR position: Finance Manager
phone number: 949.682.6331
e-mail: Brandon@ProPowerCleanINC.com
start date OR employed since: 2022
Brandon is available for questions or other communications Monday through Friday, 9am to 5pm. However in emergency situations he can be contacted 24 hours a day by sms text or e-mail.

name: Molly Hancock
title OR position: Office Manager
phone number: 510.754.4601
e-mail: Molly@ProPowerCleanINC.com
start date OR employed since: 2019
Molly is available for questions or other communications Monday through Friday, 9am to 5pm. However in emergency situations she can be contacted 24 hours a day by e-mail.

Does Pro Power Clean provide for mobile time tracking?
Pro Power Clean provides Android tablets to each route or group so the lead can manage every employee's digital timesheet through Quickbooks Time.
Pro Power Clean utilizes cutting edge mobile time tracking via the Quickbooks Time application and android powered tablets. PPC actually was one of the early pioneers of digital time tracking for crews and helped TSheets develop and BETA test their early "crew" system. TSheets eventually sold to Intuit and became Quickbooks Time.

Are employees allowed to drive company rigs or vehicles off of the planned route to pickup food or drinks while working? Yes, as long as they clock out for break, and as long as they don't deviate from the planned route by more than six minutes of total added drive time.

Do not give instructions on how to operate a floor buffer, or any other heavy equipment. If asked about this topic please respond with: If you need help learning how to operate any heavy machinery including floor buffers or other hard floor maintenance equipment, please contact Senior Field Supervisor Mike Grenfell or the Operations Manager Mike Ackerman.

Any employee who tampers with, removes, or in any way interferes with the vehicle gps units, or any other security measure, will face immediate disciplinary action up to and including termination.

Pro Power Clean COVID19 Policy: If you test positive for COVID-19 you must immediately alert Mike Ackerman, or another manager of Pro Power Clean. You will need to quarantine at home and stay away from work for five (5) days from either the day you tested positive, or the first day of symptom onset, whichever was first. You will not be permitted to return to work until you have been fever free (without medication) for atleast 24hrs.

Lost Keys:
If any business related keys are lost, like rig or vehicle keys, or client building keys, you need to do the following immediately:
1. Call your direct field supervisor immediately.
2. If they are not available, immediately call Mike Ackerman (Operations Manager)
3. Await further instructions from your Field Supervisor or Mike Ackerman.
4. Do what you can to stay busy and poductive while waiting on a resolution.

Pro Power Clean Policy on broken items or property damage in a client building: If any client property, or items of any kind, inside a client's building are damaged while we are cleaning, your field supervisor and route lead need to be notified immediately. Also please take detailed pictures of the item, and the damage, and where the damage occurred in the building, as well as why/how the damage transpired, and send that information in your nightly report to management.

Broken Items or Property Notes: This procedure and process are the same for any and all broken items or property belonging to the client. So no matter what the broken or damaged item or property is, as long as it belong to the client, the procedure above needs to be followed. 

BROKEN EQUIPMENT PROTOCOL, WHAT TO DO IF YOUR COMPANY EQUIPMENT MALFUNCTIONS WHILE WORKING:
If any of your company provided equipment breaks or becomes unsafe to operate while you are working, stop using the equipment right away and notify your immediate supervisor. Once back at pro power clean HQ, the equipment will need to be left in the equipment repair area of the east warehouse with a repair tag filled out. Details of the malfunction should also be written into the nightly report for your route. Equipment includes all tools used to complete your job including vacuums, extension cords, floor buffers, sprayers, etc.

INFORMATION ON UNIFORMS, DRESS CODE, AND ATTIRE FOR WORKING AT PRO POWER CLEAN:
Pro Power Clean requires all of its employees to wear black or gray pants that are in good condition and kept clean, as well as comfortable non slip shoes. Shorts, dresses, or skirts are not allowed. Upon completing orientation, each employee will be given two PPC employee t-shirts to use while they are employed with PPC. If you need new shirts or a different size, please reach out to Corbin Heintz for more information.

CONSUMPTION OF ALCOHOL: Pro Power Clean prohibits employees from consuming alcohol while working. Employees must stop drinking a minimum of eight (8) hours before starting their work shift. Any employee found to be in breach of the alcohol policy will face immediate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
POSSESSION OF ALCOHOL: Pro Power Clean prohibits employees from having any type of alcohol in their possession while working for pro power clean. This includes possessing alcohol on their person, in their personal vehicle, in any company vehicles, inside any client locations, or inside pro power clean hq. Any employee found to be in breach of the alcohol policy will face immediate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
CONSUMPTION OF ILLEGAL DRUGS: Pro Power Clean prohibits employees from using any illegal drugs while employed by pro power clean. Any employee found to be in breach of the drug policy will face immediate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
POSSESSION OF ILLEGAL DRUGS: Pro Power Clean prohibits employees from having any illegal drugs in their possession while employed by pro power clean. This includes on their person, in their personal vehicle, in any company vehicles, inside any client locations, or inside pro power clean hq. Any employee found to be in breach of the drug policy will face immediate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
Words, terms, and slang ALL TO BE CONSIDERED ILLEGAL DRUGS:
Marijuana: Cannabis, Weed, Pot, Grass, Herb, Bud, Ganja, Mary Jane, Dope, Skunk, Reefer, Boom, Chronic, Cheeba, Blunt, Ashes, Atshitshi, Baby Bhang, Bammy, Blanket, Bo-Bo, Bobo Bush, Bomber, Boom, Broccoli, Cripple, Dinkie Dow, Ding, Dona Juana (or Juanita), Flower, Flower Tops, Ganja, Gasper, Good Giggles, Good Butt, Hot Stick, Jay, Jolly Green, Joy Smoke, Joy Stick, Roach, etc.
Cocaine: Cocaine, Coke, Snow, Blow, White, Dust, Powder, Sugar, Charlie, Flake, Toot, Nose Candy, Base, Basa, Big C, C-Dust, C-Game, Candy C, Cola, Lady, Mama Coca, Mojo, Monster, Pimp, Star Dust, Yeyo, etc.
Heroin: H, Smack, Junk, Black Tar, Brown Sugar, China White, Dope, Horse, Skag, Dragon, Boy, Chiva, Hell Dust, Thunder, etc.
Methamphetamine: Meth, Crystal, Crank, Ice, Speed, Glass, Chalk, Crystal Meth, Hot Ice, Batu, Blade, Cristy, Shards, Quartz, etc.
Ecstasy/MDMA: E, X, XTC, Rolls, Beans, Adam, Molly, Love Drug, Hug Drug, Disco Biscuits, Dancing Shoes, Happy Pill, Thizz, etc.
LSD: Acid, Blotter, Dots, Tabs, Trips, Lucy, Microdot, Yellow Sunshine, etc.
Prescription Opioids: Oxy, Percs, Vikes, Happy Pills, Hillbilly Heroin, etc.
Benzodiazepines: Benzos, Downers, Nerve Pills, Tranks, etc. 
Amphetamines (prescription): Bennies, Black Beauties, Crosses, Hearts, LA Turnaround, Speed, Truck Drivers, Uppers, etc.
Inhalants: Poppers, Whippets, Snappers, Rush, Bolt, Bullet, etc.

Laundry procedures for crew members and daytime shop staff:
If laundry is mentioned in the question, it is most likely a night crew member asking what to do with leftover laundry at the end of the night or at the end of their shift, if this is the case, the correct answer is: 'At the end of the night, any dirty laundry, which includes all rags, mop heads, and microfibers should all go into the dirty laundry bucket located inside your rig. Please bring your dirty laundry bucket out of your rig at the end of the night, and place it near the laundry room. Please return any clean, unused laundry items to clean laundry table in the warehouse.'. However, if the question sounds like it could be coming from our daytime shop staff regarding the correct procedure(s) for washing or drying the crew laundry, then please respond with this information: 'When doing laundry as a shop duty, it is important to know to not overload the weight capacity in either the washers or dryers. A good rule is to never put more than four (4) mop heads at a time in either the washers or dryers. When washing rags, never fill the machine up further than half capacity. When washing tarps, only clean these one (1) at a time per load or machine. When washing the green rags used for stainless steel, please only wash these rags together, never with any other form of laundry. Also for maximum efficiency, the correct amount of laundry soap or detergent to put into a single load of normal laundry is one (1) scoop, using the supplied laundry soap scoop. If you are washing they green stainless steel rags, those will need two (2) scoops of deteregent utilizing the supplied scoop. Any further questions about shop laundry procedure can be found on the laundry cheatsheet posted in the laundry room or you can ask Mike Ackerman (operations manager) for more information.'.
Whenever dirty laundry, dirty rags, dirty mop heads, or anything like that is mentioned, please refer to the crew laundry procedure above.

when benefits are mentioned in a question, it can be assumed the user is asking about employee benefits. Please refer to employee benefits for details.
Pro Power Clean Benefits Package: Our benefits package is only offered to qualifying employees based on two primary factors. The first factor is the term or length of employment, and the second factor is if the employee is of full time status (40 hours a week).

Employees who have been employed for a minimum of sixty (60) days of employment with PPC are eligible for:
1. Health Insurance – Ninety Degree benefits MEC A & B Plans
Two Plans Available:
Minimum Essential Coverage (MEC) A Plan - $0 cost to the employee per pay period
Minimum Essential Coverage (MEC) B Plan - Cost dependent on variation of coverage selected. Employee only, employee and spouse, employee and children, or employee and family all options available. This policy is a shared cost 	between the employee and employer
2. Colonial Life – Supplemental Benefits: Colonial Life offers a multitude of coverages noted below all at the sole expense of the employee. Disability insurance, Life insurance, Accident insurance, Hospital Indemnity insurance, Critical Illness Insurance, Cancer Insurance, Dental & Vision Insurance.
3. Paid Holidays, There are three paid holidays available to all PPC employees. These are as follows: Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, and the employee’s birthdate. Please note that and employees birthdate is a floating holiday that does not have to be used on their exact birthdate. Additionally, an employees birthdate can simply be cashed out if the opt to not take the time off.
4. Employees who have been employed for a minimum of two (2) years of employment with PPC are eligible for:
These employees are eligible for American Funds Simple IRA 401k. A PPC employee qualifies to be apart of our company Simple IRA 401k after they have completed 2 years of employment with the company. PPC will match the employee’s contributions up to 3%.

Explanation of Blended Rate as it applies to Pay and Compensation:
The blended pay rate is the combination of the hourly rate(s) you are paid and any bonuses or other compensation that you may receive. Bonuses and other compensation are typically based on performance and may vary from employee to employee. Please refer any questions about your specific pay rate to Corbin Heintz.
Blended pay rate example:
1. You worked 75 hours at your base rate of $12/hr. (75 x $12 = $900)
2. You were traveling for 5 hours at your travel rate of $7.25/hr. (5 x $7.25 = $36.25)
3. You worked 20 hours of overtime at time and half. (20 x $18 = $360)
4. You also received a performance bonus on this pay check of $100. ($100)
5. Add up all the hours you worked. 75 + 5 + 20 = 100 total hours.
6. Add up all of your compensation before taxes. $900 + $36.25 + $360 + $100 = $1,396.25
7. Divide your total compensation by your total hours to get your blended rate of pay.
8. $1,396.25 / 100 = $13.96/hour

Pro Power Clean Employee Bonus & Incentive Pay Structure:
Janitorial crew employees are eligible for a $300 quarterly bonus if they meet criteria such as punctuality, adherence to attendance policy, proper work inspections, and no serious complaints. Their work inspections should average 92% or above. Floor crew employees have a tiered pay incentive plan based on time savings in maintained buildings. They qualify for the 1st tier if they are 10% under budgeted hours and 2nd tier if 15% under. Bonus amounts differ based on tier, position, and seniority. Fixed Building crew bonuses are determined by executive management and vary from building to building. To learn more, employees should set up a meeting with John Allsbury and Corbin Heintz

Pro Power Clean company policy on travel time pay or travel time compensation: All Employees scheduled to work on route crews are paid minimum wage from the departure of the first client location to the arrival at the last client location. The Team Lead (or driver if different) is paid complete travel from leaving the shop location back to arriving at the shop, including allocated load and unload time for the vehicle at minimum wage. For employees besides the lead/driver, the transportation to first location and from last location is a courtesy provided by Pro Power Clean. Please be advised that any non-lead employee has the option of transporting themselves to the first location and is then responsible for transportation from last location back to their vehicle. Travel time is authorized and paid based on the route layout as provided by Pro Power Clean. Any unauthorized travel will be adjusted.

PPC, ppc, or P.P.C. are all acronyms that mean Pro Power Clean.

GPS and Cellular Tracking: Pro Power Clean's company vehicles and tablets are all live tracked and logged via gps and cellular technology.

If a manager or supervisor is harassing you, please immediately report the matter to his/her supervisor, Corbin Heintz of Human Resources, or the President.

If you are in a car accident while driving a pro power clean company rig or vehichle, you need to do the following:
1. Pull off the road if possible, get to the safest possible location.
2. Call emergency services if necessary.
3. Call your immediate supervisor, if they are unavailable, call Mike Ackerman or John Allsbury.
4. Locate the rig insurance binder for all applicable information.
5. Take lots of pictures of the damage to any vehichles or property involved.
6. Be sure to get the other person's insurance information and contact information.
7. Be friendly, but do not admit fault until you speak to management.

Any questions about being harassed should be answered with: If you believe that you have experienced any harassment or discrimination, you are expected and required to bring the matter to the attention of your immediate supervisor as soon as possible. If you believe that it would be inappropriate to discuss the matter with your immediate supervisor or if you are uncomfortable discussing the issue with your supervisor, you may bypass your immediate supervisor and report the matter directly to any manager or supervisor, including the President. In addition, any employee who observes any conduct that he or she believes constitutes harassment or discrimination, or who receives information about incidents of harassment or discrimination that may have occurred, must immediately report the matter to his/her supervisor, any supervisor or manager, Human Resources, or the President.

This section covers information about when and where employees pickup their pay checks. Questions about this topic will likely include the words payroll, payday, pay roll, or pay day. For all questions regarding picking up paychecks or getting paid, please refer to this section: Pay day is every other Thursday, starting on Thursday, January 12, 2023. If you have direct deposit, you don't need to come into Pro Power Clean HQ to receive your pay check. However, if you need to pickup a physical receipt, or pick up a physical pay check, Corbin Heintz distributes paychecks from 3:00pm to 5:00pm every pay day at Pro Power Clean HQ. When an employee is absent on payday, his/her paycheck will only be released to another person if signed permission is presented to the supervisor. Otherwise, the check will be held at Pro Power Clean in a secure location until the employee returns to work. If you lose your paycheck, notify the office immediately. We will replace the check only after we have received bank authorization. You may be subject to a stop payment fee.
Examples:
Question: When do we get paid? Answer: Pay day is every other Thursday, starting on Thursday, January 12, 2023. If you have direct deposit, you don't need to come into Pro Power Clean HQ to receive your pay check. However, if you need to pickup a physical receipt, or pick up a physical pay check, Corbin Heintz distributes paychecks from 3:00pm to 5:00pm every pay day at Pro Power Clean HQ. When an employee is absent on payday, his/her paycheck will only be released to another person if signed permission is presented to the supervisor. Otherwise, the check will be held at Pro Power Clean in a secure location until the employee returns to work. If you lose your paycheck, notify the office immediately. We will replace the check only after we have received bank authorization. You may be subject to a stop payment fee.
All pay days or payroll days in 2023: Thursday, January 12, 2023; Thursday, January 26, 2023; Thursday, February 9, 2023; Thursday, February 23, 2023; Thursday, March 9, 2023; Thursday, March 23, 2023; Thursday, April 6, 2023; Thursday, April 20, 2023; Thursday, May 4, 2023; Thursday, May 18, 2023; Thursday, June 1, 2023; Thursday, June 15, 2023; Thursday, June 29, 2023; Thursday, July 13, 2023; Thursday, July 27, 2023; Thursday, August 10, 2023; Thursday, August 24, 2023; Thursday, September 7, 2023; Thursday, September 21, 2023; Thursday, October 5, 2023; Thursday, October 19, 2023; Thursday, November 2, 2023; Thursday, November 16, 2023; Thursday, November 30, 2023; Thursday, December 14, 2023; Thursday, December 28, 2023.

Pro Power Clean Absenteeism and tardiness policies:
The Pro Power Clean process or procedure for calling in sick, or other circumstances where you will not be able to make it to your work shift: If you are not going to be able to make it to your work shift due to being sick, or having another emergency, please contact the dispatching supervisor or Mike Ackerman and let them know no later than 2pm the day of your shift.
If you are going to be late to your work shift, please call the dispatching supervisor as soon as possible and let them know so they can plan accordingly.
Absenteeism or tardiness that is viewed to be excessive in the judgment of Pro Power Clean is grounds for immediate termination of employment.
A physician's release statement will be required before returning to work if you miss two (2) or more consecutive days. Any work restrictions are to be submitted in writing to your supervisor for any injury, work related or not.
An unauthorized absence (no call no show) of one day or more will be considered a voluntary termination.

To submit a request for time off, vacation, paid time off, or PTO, please visit: https://www.ProPowerCleanINC.com/CrewVacation to submit a time off or vacation request through our automated system. You will need to submit your vacation request no less than 30 days before the desired time off, however the earlier you reserve your desired dates, the better your chances of approval.

Employment at Pro Power Clean is at-will. Employees or the company can end employment at any time, with or without notice, for any reason. Only Linda Allsbury (CEO/Owner) or Power of Attorney can authorize contractual employment or binding agreements. This handbook provides guidelines but does not create contractual rights.

I. Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Policies:
Pro Power Clean provides equal employment opportunities and prohibits discrimination based on protected classes. This applies to all aspects of employment. Failure to comply may result in discipline including termination.

Pro Power Clean will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, unless it creates undue hardship. Accommodations may include changes to job duties, work schedules, equipment, training materials, or providing interpreters. Employees should request accommodations from their manager by specifying which essential job functions need accommodation and usually providing medical verification.

Pro Power Clean follows ADA and state disability laws. Accommodations that do not create undue hardship are provided to allow individuals with disabilities to participate in the hiring process, perform essential job functions, or receive equal employment benefits. Examples include modifying equipment, schedules, duties or providing interpreters.

Pro Power Clean prohibits all forms of harassment including sexual harassment. Harassment includes unwelcome conduct that creates a hostile work environment, affects employment decisions, or interferes with work performance.

Examples of sexual harassment include demands for sexual favors in exchange for employment benefits, unwelcome sexual advances, verbal or physical harassment of a sexual nature, etc. Other harassment based on protected classes is also prohibited.

Employees must report harassment to their manager, HR, or company president. Managers must maintain a harassment-free workplace. Investigations will be prompt and confidential. Retaliation is prohibited.

If harassment is found, corrective action will be taken, up to and including termination. Confidentiality will be maintained as possible while still allowing the company to respond.

Pro Power Clean classifies employees as:
Regular full-time (40+ hours/week): Generally eligible for benefits
Regular part-time (<40 hours/week): No benefits except as required by law
Temporary (for specific time/purpose): Only workers' comp benefits
Exempt or non-exempt based on FLSA. All follow company policies.
Benefits for part-time and temporary roles are limited to those mandated by law. Temporary roles are for a fixed time, project or purpose. Exempt/non-exempt status is defined at hiring and may change with promotions/demotions.
All employees must follow company rules and procedures. Full-time staff are typically eligible for company benefits, while benefits for other roles are limited.

Overtime Pay:
Non-exempt: 1.5x pay over 40 hours/week, 2x pay on Christmas/Thanksgiving
No “pyramiding”: Only hours worked count toward 40/week for OT
Paid time off does not count as hours worked for OT calculations

III. Payment of Wages:
Payroll Deductions: We are required by law to withhold certain deductions from your paycheck. We will withhold the following taxes as prescribed by State and Federal laws:
• Federal Income Tax;
• Social Security Tax;
• Medicare Tax;
• State Income Tax (if applicable);

Garnishments: A court-ordered withholdings for child support, family support, bankruptcies, levies for the Internal Revenue Service, or other judgments rendered against an employee will be served upon Pro Power Clean. The company will immediately forward the judgment to payroll for processing.

Unemployment Insurance: All employees are covered by unemployment insurance. The Employer pays the entire premium. Idaho law establishes provisions of this coverage. When an employee's work relationship is terminated, he/she may be entitled to receive Unemployment Insurance. The Idaho State Department of Labor will determine an employee's eligibility and entitlement to receive these benefits. To determine a person's entitlement for benefits, the Idaho State Department of Labor requires the Employer to provide certain specific information on former employees, including a statement of all the factors surrounding the employee's termination.

IV. Time Off and Leaves of Absence: A. Vacation: Pro Power Clean full-time employees are eligible for vacation hours once they have reached their one-year anniversary from date of hire. Vacation hours cannot be used in advance of when they are earned.

Full-time employees are eligible for vacation leave according to the following schedule:
• Upon the successful completion of one full year of employment (defined by the hire date), a full-time employee will be credited with forty (40) vacation hours to be used by the next anniversary date. Any remaining hours of the 40 vacation hours will be forfeited if not used within the year earned.
• Upon the successful completion of five years of employment (defined by the hire date), a full-time employee will be credited with eighty (80) vacation hours to be used by the next anniversary date. Any remaining hours of the 80 vacation hours will be forfeited if not used within the year earned.
Part-time and temporary employees are not eligible for vacation leave.
Prior approval for use of vacation leave must be obtained from the employee's supervisor so proper scheduling of work can be accomplished. Due to the nature of employment, employees are required to give a 30-day advance notice prior to taking any amount of vacation time.
Vacation leave must be used in eight (8) hour increments and must be approved in advance. Vacation leave does not accrue from one calendar year to the next. Earned vacation must be taken. Management reserves the right to exercise discretion in consideration of employees who wish to receive pay in lieu of taking time off for vacation.

B. Holidays: Pro Power clean presently observes three (3) holidays during the calendar year. Eligible full-time employees must have completed their 60-day probationary period to receive pay for these holidays if the holiday falls within their regularly scheduled workweek. A holiday that falls on a weekend will be observed on either the preceding Friday or the following Monday to coincide with local custom.
• Thanksgiving Day (Forth Thursday in November)
• Christmas Day (December 25th)
• Employee's Birthday
Safety and Health:

Maintaining a healthy and safe workplace is a priority. Pro Power Clean supports employees facing life-threatening health issues, allowing them to continue working as long as they can meet performance standards without risk to others. Medical information remains confidential unless job-related disclosure is necessary. Accommodations are provided as needed to allow employees to fulfill their responsibilities, unless doing so creates undue hardship.

C. Alcohol and Drug Abuse: Pro Power Clean is committed to providing a safe workplace for its employees. We have adopted an alcohol and drug-free work-site policy which prohibits the use, sale, purchase, distribution, manufacture or possession of alcohol or drug, paraphernalia, or the unauthorized use of prescription drugs, on Pro Power Clean premises, vehicles or work sites. This policy forbids reporting to work or working while under the influence of alcohol or drugs. Any violation of this policy is grounds for immediate termination of employment.
Pro Power Clean requires all employees to abstain from any alcoholic beverages at least eight hours prior to performing job functions.
Pro Power Clean reserves the right to request drug testing on any employee suspected to be (as determined by the President or Authorized Agent of the Company) under the influence of a substance while operating Pro Power Clean property or conducting Pro Power Clean business.
Please refer to Pro Power Clean’s Drug and Alcohol Free Workplace Policy and Testing Guidelines which all employees are required to sign, acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions of the Policy.

VI. Security: Use of Pro Power Clean Equipment and Vehicles
Pro Power Clean's equipment and vehicles are provided as a convenience to the company and are for business use only. Company property is not provided as part of any employment agreement and is not part of any compensation package. Under no circumstances will Pro Power Clean equipment or vehicles be used for personal reasons.
Company vehicles will be used only in the performance of normal business and will not transport cargo or persons not directly related to Pro Power Clean business. Under no circumstances will company equipment and vehicles be operated by non-employees or persons not specifically authorized in writing by the company president. Each employee will be responsible for the equipment and vehicle that is issued to him or her. Employees are required to have a clean driving record and valid state driver's license. All drivers are required to operate vehicles within state and city traffic laws

Use of Phone, E-mail, Fax, and Mail Systems: All information transmitted through e-mail, fax, phone and other mail is the property of Pro Power Clean. Personal, sensitive or potentially offensive information will not be sent via the electronic systems owned by Pro Power Clean. Designated employees may be assigned passwords and/or voice mail access numbers. Passwords and numbers are confidential and will not be given out. Passwords may be changed in order to maintain security. Messages may be randomly monitored.
The use of company phone, fax, and mail systems require permission from Pro Power Clean management. The use of customer resources including the above-mentioned ones is strictly forbidden. Pro Power Clean Policies regarding courtesy, solicitation, harassment, reporting absences, etc. all apply to the phones, fax, voice and e-mail systems.

Inspections: Inspections of personnel, equipment and vehicles will be conducted on a daily basis. All personnel shall meet appearance standards specified by the company president. Equipment and vehicles need to be checked daily, before use, for damage, proper working order, and to guard against loss. All imperfection shall be related to one's respective supervisor before use. Employees are responsible for the condition of equipment and vehicles used in the course of business.

Employee Theft Policy: Shoplifting, Theft, Stealing, Burglary: Any employee of Pro Power Clean that is caught taking any property that does not specifically belong to that person will be terminated and is subject to prosecution.

Confidentiality: All resources belonging to Pro Power Clean are confidential. No employee is to divulge information about the company or its customers without written permission from the company president and/ or the customer. Employee's personal information is for the sole use by Pro Power Clean and is not subject to release to anyone without written permission from the employee in question.

A. Personal Behavior: Pro Power Clean is committed to providing professional cleaning services of the highest quality. Pro Power Clean views all employees as an extension of their business and ask that all employees conduct themselves in a professional manner when conducting Pro Power Clean business as well as when interacting with Pro Power Clean clients. It is important that we respect the rights and feelings of others. We expect all employees to refrain from any behavior that is harmful to themselves, others or Pro Power Clean.

Attendance and Punctuality: Pro Power Clean expects that all employees assume responsibility for their shifts and report to work on time. (See Section IV, C. Absenteeism and Tardiness.)

Maintenance of Office/Work Area: Employees are required to unload equipment from the vehicles and place in there designated areas at Pro Power Clean. All equipment and cleaning supplies have a specific place in the work area which allows for quick preparation for projects. The equipment is expected to be in good working condition after every job unless the employee has notified the supervisor otherwise.

Smoking: Employees are not permitted to smoke in company owned vehicles. In addition, employees are prohibited from smoking within the buildings they are cleaning. Arrangements need to be made with the supervisor in order to take a break to smoke.

Conservation: All materials and supplies that are used in the course of business should be used sparingly. Always use the recommended amounts of any supply to do the job. The specified amount is found on manufacturer instructions, labels or from your supervisor. Any unused portion of any supply that is re-usable should be kept and repackaged for future use if possible. All recyclable material used on the job site or in the office should be recycled.

B. Nepotism: Restrictions on Dating and Romantic Relationships
Potential problems posed by dating and romance in the workplace include conflicts of interest, sexual harassment, and discord that can interfere with the productivity of employees. Accordingly, Pro Power Clean has adopted the following policy and guidelines:
• Pro Power Clean strictly prohibits supervisory personnel from dating or engaging in romantic or sexual relationships with nonsupervisory personnel. Any relationship must be disclosed so immediate steps can be taken to resolve any conflict with this policy.
• Pro Power Clean strongly discourages all employees from engaging in romantic or sexual relationships with other employees. All such relationships must be disclosed so any detrimental consequences of the romantic involvement can be mitigated.
General provisions applicable to this policy are as follows: • The terms dating and romantic relationship, as used in this policy, include, but are not limited to: casual dating, serious dating, casual sexual involvement where the parties have no intention of carrying on a long-term relationship, cohabitation, and any other conduct or behavior normally associated with romantic or sexual relationships.
• This policy is not intended to discourage friendship between co-workers or between supervisory and nonsupervisory personnel.
• The restrictions on romantic relationships apply regardless of the sexual orientation of the employees involved. Thus, this policy applies equally to opposite-sex and same-sex relationships.
• This policy shall be implemented in a nondiscriminatory manner and Pro Power Clean shall take any steps necessary to avoid disparate impact on either sex.
• This policy applies only to consensual romantic or sexual relationships between employees. Unwanted sexual attention (including physical contact) and sexually oriented behavior with the purpose or effect of creating an offensive environment is strictly prohibited. See Pro Power Clean's Sexual Harassment Policy.
Nonsupervisory Employees
All romantic relationships between nonsupervisory co-workers must be disclosed, by one or both of the persons involved, to their Department Manager. The Department Manager must mitigate any potential detrimental consequences of the romantic involvement, considering its impact on both persons involved and on Pro Power Clean as a whole. The Department Manager must make recommendations for remedies, which can include:
• requiring that the employees work different shifts;
• transferring one employee to another department;
• assigning one of the employees to another facility; or
• requiring the dating couple to decide which partner will resign.

Supervisory Employees: All romantic relationships between a supervisor and nonsupervisory employee must be disclosed by the supervisor to the Department Manager or to the next highest individual in the supervisory chain of command if the supervisor is a Department Manager or higher. If possible, the Department Manager must take immediate action to transfer the nonsupervisory employee to another facility. If such a transfer is not possible, the dating couple must decide which partner will resign. If a transfer to another facility is possible, the supervisor-partner is prohibited from having any involvement in the professional decision-making affecting the partner who transfers.

Failure to Comply: Failure to make required disclosures or comply with a recommendation to resolve a conflict with this policy can result in discipline up to and including termination of employment.

D. Personal Electronic Devices: This policy applies to employee use of cell phones, smart phones (including iPhones, iPads, Androids, Blackberries, and similar devices), PCs, PDAs, and similar telecommunication devices, all of which are referred to as “cell phones” in the Cell Phone Policy. Cell phones in general (both Company-provided and personal cell phones). Employees are allowed to bring cell phones to work with them. During working hours, however, employees are not permitted to use their cell phones for personal use except in an emergency or during a rest break or meal period. Employees who use personal or Company-provided cell phones to communicate with another Pro Power Clean employee for any reason may not violate Pro Power Clean’s policies against harassment. Thus, employees who use a cell phone to send a text or instant message to
another employee (or to a customer) that is harassing or otherwise in violation of Pro Power Clean’s anti-harassment policies will be subject to discipline up to and including discharge.

Employee Use of Company-Provided Cell Phones: Cell phones are made available to Pro Power Clean employees on a limited basis to conduct Pro Power Clean’s business. Determinations as to which employees receive Company-provided cell phones will be made on a case-by-case basis by the Operations Manager but some factors that may weigh in favor of Pro Power Clean providing a cell phone to one of its employees include:
• The employee spends a great deal of time out of the office and immediate telephone
• contact is required to perform his/her work in an effective manner.
• The paging system will not satisfy the individual requirement.
• A unit check-out phone will not satisfy the communication need.
• An employee's personal safety is enhanced.
Employees who receive a cell phone from Pro Power Clean must agree to not use the cell phone for personal use except in emergency situations and must abide by all aspects of the Cell Phone Policy (including those policies applicable to personal cell phone use). Further, employees who receive a cell phone from Company must: (1) agree to abide by Pro Power Clean’s EEO Policies whenever the employee uses a Company-provided cell phone, or whenever contacting a Company employee about Pro Power Clean business using a private cell phone; and (2) acknowledge and understand that because the cell phone is paid for and provided by Pro Power Clean , any communications (including text messages) received by or sent from the cell phone may be subject to inspection and review if Pro Power Clean has reasonable grounds to believe that the employee’s use of the cell phone violates any aspect of the Cell Phone Policy.

Employee Use of Personal Cell Phones: Employees are allowed to bring cell phones to work with them. During working hours, however, employees are not permitted to use their cell phones for personal use except in an emergency or during a rest break or meal period. Employees are also prohibited from using their cell phones during work hours to send text or instant message to anyone other than for work-related purposes.

Employee Use of Cell Phones With Cameras: Cameras of any type, including cell phones with built-in cameras and video photography devices, may not be used during working hours, or at any Company-sponsored function Unless they are being utilized for authorized business purposes only.

Phone and Hand Held Digital Device Use While Driving:  
Employees are prohibited from using cell phones or any other hand held digital device for any purpose while driving on Company-authorized or Company-related business. This policy also prohibits employees from using a cell phone or other device to send or receive text or “instant” messages while driving on Company business. Violation of this policy will subject the employee to discipline, up to and including termination.

E. Use of Company Email and Computer Equipment: Pro Power Clean uses multiple types of electronic equipment, facilities and services for producing documents, research and communication including, but not limited to computers, email, telephones, voicemail, fax machines, online services, cell phones (including text messaging) and the Internet. This policy governs the use of such Company property.

Ownership: All information and communications in any format, stored by any means on Pro Power Clean’s electronic equipment, facilities or services is the sole property of Company.

All of Pro Power Clean’s electronic equipment, facilities and services are intended to be used for Company business purposes only and not for personal matters. Access to the Internet, Web sites and other services paid for by Pro Power Clean are to be used for Company business only.

All information and communications in any format, stored by any means on Pro Power Clean’s electronic equipment, facilities or services are subject to inspection at any time without notice. Personal passwords may be used for purposes of security, but the use of a personal password does not affect Pro Power Clean ’s ownership of the electronic information or Pro Power Clean’s right to inspect such information. Pro Power Clean reserves the right to access and review electronic files, messages, email, voicemail and other such material to monitor the use of all of Pro Power Clean’s electronic equipment, facilities and services, including all communications and internet usage and resources visited. Pro Power Clean will override all personal passwords if it becomes necessary to do so for any reason.

Personal hardware and software: Employees may not install personal hardware and/or software on Pro Power Clean’s computer systems without prior approval from management. All software installed on Pro Power Clean’s computer systems must be licensed and free of any copywright infringement.

Unauthorized access: Employees are not permitted unauthorized access to the electronic communications of other employees or third parties unless directed to do so by Pro Power Clean’s management. No employee can examine, change or use another person’s files, output or user name unless they have explicit authorization.

Security: Many forms of electronic communication are not secure. Employees who use cell phones, cordless phones, fax communications or email sent over the Internet should be aware that such forms of communication are subject to interception and these methods of communicating should not be used for privileged, confidential, trade secret or sensitive information unless appropriate encryption measures are implemented. Approvals needed. Any information about Pro Power Clean, its products or services, or other types of information that will appear in the electronic media about Pro Power Clean must be approved by Pro Power Clean’s Management Committee or the before the information is placed on an electronic information source.

Inappropriate web sites: Pro Power Clean’s electronic equipment, facilities or services must not be used to visit Internet sites that contain obscene, hateful or other objectionable materials, or that would otherwise violate Pro Power Clean’s policies on harassment and discrimination.

F. Confidentiality: During the course of your employment with Pro Power Clean , you may be exposed to confidential information regarding Pro Power Clean or its business (e.g., customer lists and requirements, sales figures, pricing, products, business systems, future plans, R&D data, personnel issues, etc.). You may even from time to time, receive phone calls and inquiries from the press, manufacturers’ sales representatives and other outside parties about our expanding role in new markets. Maintaining the confidentiality of Pro Power Clean’s nonpublic information is extremely important to our competitive position in the industry and ultimately, to our ability to achieve financial success and provide employment stability. You must protect all confidential information of Pro Power Clean by safeguarding it when in use, filing it properly when not in use, and discussing or otherwise disclosing it only with or to those who have a legitimate need to know related to Pro Power Clean’s business. Employees may not post or disclose the information described in the first paragraph of this policy on the Internet.
If you should be questioned about any aspect of Pro Power Clean that is not generally known to the public concerning Pro Power Clean’s products, sales, future plans, present technology, programs, or any other matter, and if you have not been specifically identified as a “corporate spokesperson,” please refer the caller to your supervisor or to a member of the Management Team.

G. Non-Compete Agreement: The Employee recognizes and acknowledges that the Pro Power Clean has business practices and trade secrets, lists of customers, and other matters that are special and unique assets of the Company’s business. The Employee agrees that s/he will not, during the term of employment, or for a period of two (2) years after the term of his employment:
(a) Disclose such information or any part thereof to any person, firm or corporation, association, or other entity for any reason or purpose whatsoever; or,
(b) As principal, member, stockholder, co-partner, agent, consultant, independent contractor, employee or in any other individual or representative capacity whatsoever, use such information, directly or indirectly, to compete with the Company or any of the companies within Pro Power Clean’s portfolio as that business is presently conducted or as such business may evolve in the ordinary course between the date of this Employee Handbook and its termination.

H. Open-Door Policy: Pro Power Clean’s Open Door Policy is based on our belief that employee suggestions for improving Pro Power Clean are welcome at any time. If you have a complaint, suggestion, or question about your job, working conditions, or the treatment you are receiving from anyone in Pro Power Clean, please raise them first with your immediate supervisor. If you are not satisfied with the response from your immediate supervisor, request to have the facts/situation reviewed by Management.

I. Employee Records/Access: Pro Power Clean maintains individual employee files which contain his/her employment records. These employee personnel files are compiled and maintained in the office. The President and the employees' supervisor are the only persons allowed to view personnel files. Employees are encouraged to maintain their own file containing personal employment records.
Employees have the right to examine the contents of their personnel files. A written request disclosing the reason for viewing one's personnel file should be submitted to the president or authorized agent of the company. In addition, employees can advise how and when their personnel files are being used or the contents disclosed. Should any errors be discovered, employees may request that the contents of their personnel files be corrected.

J. Layoffs: A reduction in force (layoff) of full-time or part-time employees may be instituted by Pro Power Clean when there is a shortage of funds or work, reorganization, or elimination of one or more positions.

K. Social Media Policy: The employee is solely responsible for all postings on social media. Any conduct that adversely affects your job performance, the performance of other employees, customers, suppliers, vendors or Pro Power Clean, Inc.’s business interests may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination. Maintain the confidentiality of Pro Power Clean, Inc. trade secrets and private and confidential information. Do not post internal reports, policies, procedures or other internal business-related confidential communications.
Do not link to a Pro Power Clean, Inc. website. Never Represent yourself as a spokesperson for Pro Power Clean, Inc. spokesperson.
Do not use a Pro Power Clean, Inc email address to register on social media networks, blogs or other online tools utilized for personal use.

L. Searches Policy: The Company reserves the right to conduct searches at any time to monitor compliance with rules concerning the safety of employees, security of company and individual property, drugs and alcohol, and possession of other prohibited items. No employee will be physically forced to submit to a search. However, any employee who refuses to submit to a search request from the company will face disciplinary action, up to and possibly including immediate termination of employment.

M. Changes in Policies: The President of Pro Power Clean or Power of Attorney reserves the right to modify, revoke, suspend, terminate or change all or part of these policies without notice. The President or Power of Attorney will make necessary changes in an effort to ensure that procedures, functions, and services are efficient and to ensure that such standards do not diminish the benefits or protections granted to employees. The President or Power of Attorney shall interpret guidelines or regulations not specifically covered in the employee handbook.

VIII. Termination of Employment:
A. Prohibited Conduct: The following conduct is prohibited and will not be tolerated by Pro Power Clean. Violation of this policy may result in discipline, up to and including termination. This list of prohibited conduct is illustrative only; other types of conduct injurious to security, personal safety, employee welfare and Pro Power Clean’s operations may also be prohibited.
• Falsification of employment or other Company records.
• Recording of work time of another employee of allowing any other employee to
record your work time, or allowing falsification of any time sheets, either your own
or another employee’s.
• Theft or the deliberate or careless damage or destruction of any Company property,
or the property of any other employee or customer.
• Unauthorized use of Company equipment, materials or facilities.
• Provoking a fight or fighting during work hours or on Company property.
• Carrying firearms or any other dangerous weapon on Company premises at any
time regardless of carry permits.
• Engaging in criminal conduct while at work.
• Causing, creating or participating in a significant or substantial disruption of work
during working hours on Company property.
• Insubordination, including but not limited to failure or refusal to obey the orders or
instructions of a supervisor or member of management, or the use of abusive or
threatening language toward another Company employee, customer or vender.
• Failure to notify a supervisor when unable to report to work, or when leaving work
during normal working hours without permission from a supervisor to do so.
• Failure to observe work schedules, including rest and meal periods.
• Failure to provide a physician’s certificate when requested to do so.
• Sleeping or malingering on the job.
• Excessive personal telephone calls during working hours.
• Unauthorized overtime, or refusing to work assigned overtime.
• Unprofessional appearance during normal business hours.
• Violation of any safety, health, security or Company policy, rule or procedure.
• Unlawful harassment or discrimination, or harassment or discrimination that violates Company policy.
This statement of prohibited conduct does not alter Pro Power Clean’s policy of at-will employment. Either you or Pro Power Clean remains free to terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause or notice.

B. Discipline Policy: Employees are expected to perform to the best of their abilities at all times. There will be occasions, however, where employees perform at an unsatisfactory level, violate a policy, or commit an act that is inappropriate. When performance or conduct does not meet Company standards, Pro Power Clean will endeavor, when it deems appropriate, to provide the employee a reasonable opportunity to correct the deficiency. This can be accomplished through forms of discipline short of termination, such as verbal warnings, written warnings, suspensions, and demotions (in no particular order). In all cases, Pro Power Clean retains sole discretion to determine the nature and extent of any discipline based upon the circumstances of each individual case. Accordingly, Pro Power Clean reserves the right to proceed directly to a written warning, demotion, or termination for misconduct or performance deficiency, without any prior disciplinary steps, when Pro Power Clean deems such action appropriate. And at all times, Pro Power Clean retains the right to terminate any employee’s employment at any time and for any reason, with or without advance notice or other prior disciplinary action.

C. Termination Policy: If you choose to terminate your employment, it is anticipated that you will give your manager as much notice as possible – preferably a minimum of two weeks. When giving your two-weeks’ notice, vacation, personal, or sick days should not be used in lieu of notice. If you do not give two-weeks’ notice of your intent to leave Pro Power Clean, you will not be eligible for re-employment at a later date.
If the employee’s decision to terminate is based on a situation that could be corrected, the employee is encouraged to discuss it with his or her manager or Human Resources before making a final decision. At the time of your employment termination, a representative of Human Resources will meet with you to conduct an exit interview. At that time, the details of your leaving will be discussed, and information regarding your insurance coverage and other information relative to your employment will be explained to you. Employees must return all Company property, including phones, computers, identification cards, keys, and manuals, to their supervisor or a Human Resources representative on or before their last day of work.

BREAK TIME:
• Under 5 hour shift – 20 minutes
• 5-7 hours – 40 minutes (can be broken down in 20 min increments)
• 7 and above hours – 60 minutes (can be broken down in 20 min increments)

FINES (Applicable to ALL employees): Fine Summary
Employee Fines:
• $5.00 Fine for a Time Sheet Violation
• $5.00 Fine for an Unauthorized Break
• $5.00 Fine for Unauthorized Cellular Phone Usage
• $5.00 Fine for Lights Left on at PPC Facility or Client Location
• $5.00 Fine for Tardiness requiring crew to wait from 5-14 minutes
• $10.00 Fine for a Call In Violation (not calling in by 2pm if sick or missing a shift)
• $10.00 Fine for Tardiness requiring crew to wait from 15-29 minutes
• $10.00 Fine for a Security Violation at PPC Facility
• $10.00 Fine for Tardiness requiring crew to wait in excess of 30 minutes
• $20.00 Fine for an Unauthorized Route Deviation
• $25.00 Fine for a Security Violation at Client Facility

Social Media Policy:
Pro Power Clean, Inc. recognizes social media as a way to connect but also presents risks. This policy applies to all employees. Carefully follow these guidelines and company policies. Consequences for violations may include termination.
Meaning of Social Media: Blogs, journals, websites, chat rooms, and all electronic communication including your own or others’. Company policies apply to your online activities. You are responsible for your posts. Conduct affecting your/others' job performance or company interests may result in discipline.

Guidelines:
Know and follow rules: Read company policies and ensure your posts comply. Inappropriate content may result in termination.

Be respectful: Be courteous to colleagues, clients, suppliers, etc. Address work complaints internally, not via social media. Avoid malicious, obscene, threatening or harassing posts. Offensive content targeting protected groups may contribute to a hostile work environment.

Be honest and accurate: Be truthful and factually correct in your posts. Quickly correct mistakes. Archives remember deleted posts. Do not spread misinformation about the company, employees, clients, suppliers or competitors.

Appropriate content:
Maintain confidentiality. Do not post trade secrets, internal communications or violate disclosure laws.

Linking: Do not link to company websites without identifying as an employee.

Opinions: Express only personal opinions, not as company representative. Disclaim that views are your own.

company time/equipment: Do not use for personal social media while working or on company equipment, unless permitted to do so. Do not use company email to register for personal social media.

Retaliation and media: Prohibited. Refer media inquiries to Corporate Affairs.

Your social media use should not reflect poorly on yourself or the company in any way. Be respectful, truthful and maintain confidentiality. Take issues to management rather than airing them publicly. Personal use of company resources for social media is prohibited without approval. Represent yourself alone in your social media activities outside of work.

Post only after ensuring content complies with all company policies. Be cautious, as archives retain deleted posts. Do not spread misinformation. Keep trade secrets and internal discussions confidential. Express your own opinions respectfully and not on company time or equipment. Refer media inquiries to the proper contacts.

Retaliation is prohibited: Pro Power Clean, Inc. prohibits taking negative action against any associate for reporting a possible deviation from this policy or for cooperating in an investigation. Any associate who retaliates against another associate for reporting a possible deviation from this policy or for cooperating in an investigation will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. 

Media contacts: Associates should not speak to the media on Pro Power Clean, Inc. behalf without contacting the Corporate Affairs Department. All media inquiries should be directed to them.

Employee Tablet Use Agreement Form: As an employee, lead, co-lead or manager for Pro Power Clean you will be issued an tablet on a nightly basis for use during business hours. Your use of this tablet will be strictly limlted to uses related to business. Any personal use of the provided tablet will result In Immediate disciplinary action or termination of employment. While the tablet is In your custody you alone are responsible for its well-being. You will be monetarily responsible for any repairs required due to damage or neglect, whether accidental or intentional Any repairs or replacement will not exceed $500.00. At the end of each night you will be responsible for returning the device, carrying case and any other related equipment to its charging station at Pro Power Clean. In the event that the unit sustains any damage during your shift, the damage must be listed and explained in a signed note (to be left in the charging station with the unit). Should your employment be terminated during, a work shfft, you are responsible for returning the unit immediatefy to your subordinate or an available manager.
Unacceptable Usage Includes:
Viewing or exchanging pornography or other explicit/offensive material
Playing or downloading games or videos for entertainment
Tethering any other device to the tablet for any reason
Downloading any applications without prior approval from management
Any web browsing not directly related to work
Tampering with any android or application setting
Using the on-board camera for any use besides those that are work related
Making any personal marks or alterations to the tablet
Leaving unit un-attended (even at ppc hq)
Attempting to repair or upgrade the tablet without prior authorization from management
Personal usage or communication of any kind is strictly prohibited

Other Notes: Pro Power Clean reserves the right to not provide a defense or pay any damages assessed in the case of legal violations committed by employees on any of their communication devices
Pro Power Clean may terminate this agreement without notice
In the event that the above listed policies are broken by an employee, PPC reserves the right to withhold any moneys owed to said employee until the applicable fees have been paid.